Skip to Content

Who We Are 
What We Do 
News 
Careers 
Client Login
Software Engineer
Greenwich, Houston, London, New York, Singapore

Job Description

At Citadel, Software Engineers are responsible for building the systems that power every aspect of our investment process, from research and analysis to trading, risk management, funding and settlement. Working side by side with investors and quantitative researchers, we use our technical skills to drive critical commercial outcomes. If you’re interested in financial markets and excited by the prospect of having real impact in a fast-paced environment where everyone is inspired to be their best, we’re excited to meet you.
Our most successful engineers are critical thinkers who know how to dissect the problem as proficiently as they know how to build the solution. While we look for technical acumen, commercial acumen is just as important. That includes the ability to flex, change course, and iterate without always having pre-defined specs.
YOUR OPPORTUNITY:
From system engineers who create next-gen platforms to desk-aligned developers who partner with investment teams to increase efficiency and maximize returns, our engineering opportunities are as varied as they are challenging. If you are selected for an interview, one of our recruiters will be in touch to review the specific roles, teams and regions that best align with your skills, seniority, and experience.
YOUR SKILLS & TALENTS:
6+ years of professional software engineering experience
Solid computer science fundamentals 
Expert level programing skills in at least one of the following: Java, C++, Python
Proven track record in software design and development
Excellent analysis / problem solving skills
Strong communication and teamwork skills
Ability to manage multiple tasks in a demanding and dynamic environment
Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related STEM discipline

In accordance with applicable law, the base salary range for this role is $150,000 to $300,000.
In addition, the employee who fills this role will be eligible to participate in a discretionary incentive compensation program, as well as a wide array of benefit programs, such as medical and life insurance, retirement and tax-free savings plans, and access to other healthcare programs.

About Citadel

Citadel is one of the world’s leading alternative investment managers. We manage capital on behalf of many of the world’s preeminent private, public and nonprofit institutions. We seek the highest and best use of investor capital in order to deliver market leading results and contribute to broader economic growth. For over 30 years, Citadel has cultivated a culture of learning and collaboration among some of the most talented and accomplished investment professionals, researchers and engineers in the world. Our colleagues are empowered to test their ideas and develop commercial solutions that accelerate their growth and drive real impact.

Citadel
Who We Are
What We Do
News
Careers
Privacy
Terms of Use
Notices
Disclosures
Copyright © Citadel Enterprise Americas LLC or one of its affiliates. All rights reserved.
